README.md, before:

# MAMA'S PIZZA
#### Author: **Alfred Warui**
## 
This is a web application of *Mama's Pizza* restraurant where customers are able to make pizza orders and specify the content of their pizza.The application generates totals which it outputs to the user.
## Installation:
* Stable internet connection
* Clone this repository from github by running the command [git clone https://github.com/WaruiAlfred/pizza-project.git] in your terminal
* Navigate to where you have stored it and double click to open the file
* It will open in your browser as it is supported in almost all browsers
## Behaviour Driven Development
|Program behaviour|Expected Input|Expected Output|
|:---:            |:---:         |:---:          |
|Calculates total price for the order made|Pizza,size,crust,topping and number|Total price for your order:Ksh.390\Summary:|
|Collect customer location and give confirmation message|User location and method of acquisition=delivered|"Your order will be delivered to your location."|
## Known Bugs
There are known bugs.
## Technologies Used
  * HTML
  * CSS
  * JAVASCRIPT
  * JQUERY
  * BOOTSTRAP
  * MARKDOWN
## My contacts
Email me:alfred.kahenya@student.moringaschool.com\
My phone number:0740365281
### License
* *License under [MIT License](LICENSE)*
* Copyright (c) 2021 **Alfred Warui**

Commit message:

add dependencies info and modify BDD

README.md, after:

# MAMA'S PIZZA
#### Author: **Alfred Warui**
## 
This is a web application of *Mama's Pizza* restraurant where customers are able to make pizza orders and specify the content of their pizza.The application generates totals which it outputs to the user.
## Installation:
* Stable internet connection
* Clone this repository from github by running the command [git clone https://github.com/WaruiAlfred/pizza-project.git] in your terminal
* Navigate to where you have stored it and double click to open the file
* It will open in your browser as it is supported in almost all browsers
## Behaviour Driven Development
|Program behaviour|Expected Input|Expected Output|
|:---:            |:---:         |:---:          |
|Calculates total price for the order made|Pizza,size,crust,topping and number|Total price for your order:Ksh.390    Summary:|
|Collect customer location and give confirmation message|User location and method of acquisition=delivered|"Your order will be delivered to your location."|
## Known Bugs
There are known bugs.
## Technologies Used
  * HTML
  * CSS
  * JAVASCRIPT
  * JQUERY
  * BOOTSTRAP
  * MARKDOWN
  * There are no dependencies required
## My contacts
Email me:alfred.kahenya@student.moringaschool.com\
My phone number:0740365281
### License
* *License under [MIT License](LICENSE)*
* Copyright (c) 2021 **Alfred Warui**
